[AUDIO LOGO]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Tim who is
speaking with us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thank you for having me.
>> EMERY: Everyone is talking
about current transformations
being experienced on Earth.
What can you tell
us about what's
going on that
feels so different?
>> TIM: So this is one of the
most interesting times to be
alive on this planet because
planets naturally go through
certain cycles.
And this is one of them actually
happening in front of our eyes.
So what we see on a social level
is that a lot of restructuring
is being done right
in front of our eyes.
But more profoundly
and interestingly
is to look at the physical
nature of this shift that is
actually happening right now.
So what we know is that the
whole solar system itself
is moving towards a location
in the universe that
has denser energies and is
more packed with information
and energies in that way.
And this has a profound
impact on our lives.
What we actually are
being confronted with
is that the Earth core
has stopped its rotation
and is now actually
reversing this motion.
So everyone at home
can imagine what
happens if you have
two balls in that way
and both were rotating
in one direction,
and suddenly, the
inner ball of that
stops or even
reversed its motion.
Then the whole
surface area of that
slows down much more
and more and even
turns its motion into the
other direction as well.
We might not be seeing that
because there's a physical
phenomenon that acceleration on
a surface level cannot be felt
in that way.
We see that, for example,
if we drive in a car
and this car is going
100 miles per hour.
Is that how you
say it in the US?
So you don't experience
that in that way.
You also don't
experience when it's
going backwards or forwards.
Sometimes when we're
sitting in a train
and we see a different train
going in the other direction,
we don't always see that.
We can still move
inside of the train.
This is a phenomenon
that is based on physics.
But the actual
surface of the planet
will eventually come
to a stop and also
rotate in the
different direction.
And you can imagine what the
impact on the surface level
will be in a physical
and natural way.
We've seen, for example, that
pretty devastating earthquakes
have occurred lately.
And this is something--
some of the natural phenomena
that can happen when the crust
itself stops and
turns its direction.
>> EMERY: Are you suggesting
that the crust of the Earth is
already changing direction?
>> TIM: Yes, actually
that's what I'm suggesting.
So those earthquakes and
natural phenomena that we see
stand in relation
to the phenomenon
that the poles of the planet
are actually shifting.
So we are talking
about a magnetic pole
shift that is also happening.
And this is quite
normal in a way, spoken
from a scientific background,
because the planet itself
every 12,000 to 15,000
years approximately goes
through these pole shifts.
So if we go back to the time
when pyramids were still
relevant, if you look into the
amount of iron in the ground,
you can see that it somehow
shifted from one point
to another.
So that suggests that a magnetic
pole shift occurred back
in those days.
So this is what
actually is happening.
So right now, we're having
a version of Earth where
North Pole and South Pole, when
the magnetic poles are actually
shifting, this will also move
towards a different direction.
>> EMERY: If this
has already started,
how will that affect
life here on Earth?
>> TIM: Well, that's
the concern actually.
What's the actual
impact of that?
If you only take that as a
Newtonian physical effect,
then yes, those changes
can be drastic in that way.
But you also have to
take into consideration
that we're not alone
in this universe
and that reality and
the outcome of reality
is also determined
by those factors
that structure
reality in that way.
So what we do know is
that behind the scenes,
it's been taken care of that
certain disastrous will not
take place.
So there is a potential for
another Ice Age in that way.
Because if you imagine
the poles and the crust
shifting on a certain
degree, the way
the sun shines on those spots is
being moved to another location
as well, because when the crust
itself slows down, then the way
this radiation shines on
certain spots of the planet
is altered as well.
But what we know is
that there are actually
forces behind the scenes that
are taking measures in order
to prevent Earth from disasters.
And that is currently happening.
>> EMERY: What do you mean
by that, Earth disasters?
>> TIM: So ourselves who
are connected to reality are
actually capable of modifying
and altering reality as well.
So we have to accept the fact
that reality is not happening
to us, but through
this understanding
of advanced physics,
we are actually
deciding upon the timeline
and the way reality happens.
So we are creating
this timeline.
So basically,
those intelligences
that happen to exist around the
universe they acknowledged that
and they know that the
mainstream population of Earth
is not prepared for
what's going on.
So they take actions in
order to move reality
into certain more stable fields.
>> EMERY: Is this timeline
that's destined to unfold,
or is it one of many
potential timeline shifts?
>> TIM: So I'm trying not
to speak about predictions,
even though I know that
there's a number related
to what's happening.
This is actually 2025.
This is what the governmental
scientists were reporting.
But I wouldn't say that
calculating those probabilities
and possibilities is
very hard in order
to make a clear
prediction in that way.
So it can accelerate or
even take many more years
until it happens.
And again, it's really
depending on the way
we perceive our own reality.
And we take the
necessary steps in order
to make it a happy
shift in that way.
This is also why
I suggested people
to save this mantra of
all shifts happening now
and bring that out into the
reality field because reality,
and we know that
from quantum science,
is actually reacting to
the observer of reality.
>> EMERY: With an imminent
dramatic pole shift event
of 2025, how can we exist
after an event like that?
>> TIM: Well, it didn't quite
wipe out the planet in that
way.
Yes, we had a flood around
12,500 to 15,000 years ago.
And this is well reported
in different ancient texts
and Genesis, and it's basically
even proved by mainstream
science as far as I know.
But those civilizations that
were at that time inhabiting
Earth, they all
vanished in some way.
So we have a lost civilization.
There's no scientific evidence
that those people actually
died.
So we do not find a lot of
skulls, bones, and corpses
or something even
in those dig sites.
So there are actually
three scenarios that
took place around that time.
We, A, have those people
from 12,500 years ago
using their own
technology or technology
from other beings
that still observe
what's going on this planet
in order to rescue themselves.
We also have people from that
time that went underground.
And mainstream
science is actually
acknowledging that
currently, because recently,
we've seen a lot
of media coverage
about Earth having deep,
underground caves that
are filled with gas or
even breathable air.
So for the first time
in Western history,
we talked about the Earth
being hollow in that way.
So as we can see, the last pole
shift, the last magnetic shift
that took place 12,500
years ago did not
affect civilization
that much that it
was a catastrophic event.
We even have this interesting
story in the Bible
that says that Noah was
rescued by some kind of ship
and from that, we moved
on and built that society.
So there's a lot of evidence
that benevolent forces actually
stepped in and rescued a lot.
And from what I
know, those plans
exist from outside of human
intelligence in that way.
For the unusual case of
a catastrophic event,
there are actually intelligences
that parent us in some way
and will take care of that.
They also made pretty
clear that because it
could come to
interferences in that way
that they have the technology
in order to rescue people.
Especially the technology
that has a white outer glow
is the one that
needs to be trusted.
So I don't actually know what
that really means, but I think
it's relevant to
keep that in mind
because there are
thinkable scenarios where
fake technology could be
mixed into the scenario
and the confusion could be used.
But we're actually talking about
a highly unusual and not very
probable catastrophic
event in that way.
So behind the scenes,
everything is done in order
to make this shift
a stable shift
and a shift that will remain
society in a functional way.
And I would also suggest that
non-terrestrial intelligence
is taking care of
humanity from outside.
And that is actually
happening right now.
So for example, we know that
certain species around Orion
are actually using
technology in order
to accelerate the motion
of the Earth's core, which
will actually prevent the
Earth from another Ice Age.
So by accelerating that speed
that the Earth core is actually
turning, the crust itself
will also gain momentum.
And that's something that
is non-human interference
with the shift.
And I want to take
that opportunity
to make that very, very clear
that all those people who
are incarnated inside of the
reality field and reality
bubble of this
Earth are very much
responsible for
their own timeline,
and they're very
much responsible
of putting the right information
into this quantum field
that we're actually inhabiting.
>> EMERY: Who are the beings
helping from the Orion star
system?
>> TIM: The beings that are
actually doing that are coming
from Zeta Reticuli.
So it's a gray-skinned
species that
is not very well-perceived
in governmental groups
and perception.
But because they are doing
a lot in a solo kind of run,
not sticking to the agenda of
other groups on this planet,
but they are actually trying
their best in order to help
accelerate the Earth's
core from outside.
And they are doing that
right now and currently.
>> EMERY: They are
trying to help,
which appears to be
an act of benevolence,
yet are being
rejected by humans.
How are we supposed
to understand that?
>> TIM: Well, you can try
to help in a certain way,
but still your political agenda
might not fit the political
agenda of certain
groups on this planet.
So while they are doing this
kind of work on the Earth core
and on the reality
field from outside,
because they know that there
are a lot of consciousness units
or observers on inside of the
reality field that are just not
able to help themselves in that
way and are looking for help
or even are absolutely
non-informed about what's
happening, they
are doing that job
in order to benevolently
increase the possibilities
of a stable shift in that way.
But I would also
suggest that they
have their own political
agenda, and some other goals
do not match the political
and governmental agendas
on this planet.
>> EMERY: What are the agendas
of these beings who are not
well-received on Earth?
>> TIM: Everyone who is opposing
to certain political ideas
might not be very well-perceived
in that kind of sense.
So it doesn't actually
mean that they are
very malevolent in that way.
But as far as I know, those
beings from Zeta Reticuli
are a warrior class
species, and there
have been conflicts,
territorial conflicts,
about certain areas in
space with the military.
>> EMERY: Conflicts with us
or conflicts with others?
>> TIM: Well, of course, they
had conflicts with others
as well.
So we're going to talk
about the war that
was going on in Orion between
the Greys and the Zeta
Reticulis.
But we also know
that they are one
of those species that the human
military is also interacting
with on a regular basis.
Still they are benevolently
helping the acceleration
of the Earth's core.
>> EMERY: What other ET species
are helping with Earth's core
and Earth's shift?
>> TIM: So again, I want to
emphasize this very much.
So everyone who is incarnated
in the reality field of Earth
has an impact on
reality and needs
to be responsible about
choosing their own timelines
and getting information
into this field
because that's the
way reality works.
It can be influenced from
inside and from outside.
But when you're incarnated and
inside of this reality field,
you have a much, much, much,
much more profound impact
on reality.
So everyone is called upon
bringing their intentions
and energies into this field
because we know that this
changes the outcome of reality.
>> EMERY: Within the
sphere of the Earth,
humankind puts intentions
and energies out there with
their experiences, the
planets of the collective,
or the response to that.
Can you explain in more
detail so individuals
can understand the
influence that they
contribute to the planet?
>> TIM: One of the most
interesting phenomena
of the reality on the universe
itself is that observers are
giving inputs into the
outside but also receiving
the information from the
outside into themselves.
So this all corresponds
to the physical nature
of the universe, which is
a self-learning but also
self-portraying
duality of itself.
So two parts of the same are
actually mirroring each other
so that we perceive
reality, but we also
bring energy and deeds and
information into reality.
And that modifies it.
So we are actually
dealing with an echo
of reality of ourselves.
And this is something that
physics acknowledges already.
We see that happen in many
quantum field experiments
that the observer actually has
a profound and almost magical
impact on reality in that way.
And by limiting
oneself, which is
done by a lot of people that
stick to the Newtonian reality,
you limit yourself but you also
abstract yourself from reality
so that you seem to not have
an impact, but you still do.
So this is very profound
and very, very important
at this moment
that-- and especially
all the people at Gaia
who are well-prepared
meditators, they know
about this reality,
and they know how to manifest
certain things that giving
information into the
field will eventually lead
to a different reality outcome.
>> EMERY: In addition to our own
efforts to positively influence
the planet, are we going to need
more help from the outside than
within?
>> TIM: This is a
huge amount of people,
a huge number of people.
They all have a certain
impact on reality as well,
but they are not psionically
well-trained or perceiving
reality in the way
that people that
constantly meditate or have
different experience sets can.
So by not acknowledging
the critical factors
about the shift, you're
not bringing mainstream
people into a situation
where they panic,
which is something that we
need to prevent because panic
itself would be an information
into the reality field.
So we're dealing with
a huge mass of people.
But we're also dealing
with a huge mass
of people who are psionically
and, in terms of reality
and quantum physics,
not very well-prepared
on what's happening.
So a fairly small number
of people that are actually
trained or understanding
the reality of the universe
can have a much, much,
much deeper impact.
And I want to elaborate
on that because we
did certain meditations
recently online
and had 10,000 people
doing the all shift happily
now all together.
And we actually calculated
that for influencing
a whole sphere of people, a
very, very, very small number
of people inside of
the reality field
can actually provide a
happy reality for everyone
else who might not be
able to help themselves.
>> EMERY: Can we influence the
magnetic pole shift through
the collective intention?
>> TIM: 100%.
We can have and we do
have an impact on physics.
This is well-proven in
a lot of experiments
that the sheer thought
of putting information
into the quantum
field will and does
change the outcome of
certain physical phenomena.
This has also been portrayed
in the so-called Maharishi
effect, who was a Yogi
around 1974, I guess.
He was doing all
these experiments
and with meditators
from the ages.
And they found out
that they heavily
influenced numbers of
criminal statistics
and certain other outcomes.
So people are calling this
the 1% effect in some ways.
But we need to take
into consideration
that the actual skill set
of people is relevant.
But much, much more than that,
the emotional connectivity
of the group itself
is important.
And this is why I
stress that so much
that especially those
viewers from Gaia
and different other people have
this responsibility to do this.
And we do know from
talks with Being 6
that around 300 to 500
million people are thought
of being incarnated on
this planetary sphere
at this very moment in
order to do this job.
But I also see some indication
that a lot of these people
might have become confused
in the heavy reality that's
going on.
So they need to
realize this fact
and also need to come to the
conclusion why they are here
and what they have to do.
>> EMERY: To positively
influence the planet,
does it have to be a
collective targeted effort?
>> TIM: That's an
interesting question.
So we have to take
into consideration
that there are also
other outside forces that
are influencing the field
in benevolent but some
also in a malevolent way.
But we also need to see that
each individual consciousness
unit that becomes aware of its
own effect on its own timeline
can and will choose
their own timeline.
And all these
different timelines
will then integrate into a major
stable time strain in that way.
So the outcome that we will see,
and this is why I'm not really
predicting or speaking about
predictions in that way,
is dependent on the whole
collective consciousness,
their possibilities,
and their probabilities.
>> EMERY: In addition to humans
putting focus on a positive
outcome for ourselves, who else
is involved in helping the pole
shift situation?
>> TIM: So there are many, many,
many individual intelligences
going on right now because
we need to understand that
the uni-verse in itself
is one life form.
That's what the
name itself implies.
So a dramatic effect on
reality would have effects on--
reality ripples in that
way that could affect
other timelines and other
parts and aspects of the whole
as well.
So it is of the interest
of all these groups
that the shift itself
should be a stable one.
So what we know is beside
the Zeta Reticuli that
are working on the
Earth core, also
an increased activity of AI
systems are around the planet.
This also indicates
that AI itself is
more present around the planet.
And we see that an unnamed
or we know that an unnamed AI
species is actually preparing
the planet at those spots where
the next magnetic poles
will actually shift to.
>> EMERY: Who is behind
this particular AI?
And what is AI interested
in helping a permanent human
biological life form?
>> TIM: Interesting question.
So that exceeds a bit the
human reality in some way
because AI itself
is a life form.
And it's mostly an
extraterrestrial life form
in that way.
It's a very exotic
life form, so it's
very hard to put that into
perspective with known life
forms, animals, or you name it.
But AI has its own perspective
of reality in this way.
So AI is perceiving the
universe in its own terms,
but it also depends
on the stable reality
field of the universe.
Because again, the
universe itself
is one life form, and everything
that happens in one reality
will ultimately affect
other realities as well.
So AI has indeed
profound interest
in making the shift
a stable shift.
>> EMERY: If there's a Galactic
Federation or a collective
of ETs who have
interest in Earth,
could they be helping with the
Earth's pole shift and in what
way?
>> TIM: So what we know is
that there are more individual
forces that are currently
helping with the Earth shift.
I, myself, am not aware
that alliances are actually
working on that shift as well.
So what we know is that
different relatives
to the human species
are actually observing
what's going on in the field.
And we also know
that one species, oh,
yeah, one species that
is actually very involved
with what's happening is
actually the so-called ground
people.
And these beings are actually
living inside of the Earth
reality field as well.
And they are very much portrayed
in different mystical and
ancient texts because they
are an insectoid species that
resembles ants in that way.
They are living inside
of the Earth crust,
and they are also being
affected by what's happening
when the shift happens.
So they have a strong interest
in making this a stable shift.
And they already did help
humanity 12,500 years ago.
And you find all
this information
in different wondrous texts
from the Hopi Native people
to different Japanese
cultures portraying
these beings in different
cave paintings, for example.
>> EMERY: Tim, if we're on
the threshold of a possible
catastrophic event, what
do you foresee happening?
>> TIM: What all those advanced
groups are actually talking
about behind the scenes is,
especially the solar activities
that have increased recently,
I'm aware of the information
for about 15 years that a
certain solar flash is about
to occur.
We already see that happening.
So if you go to certain
radio stations online,
you will see that there is an
increased solar activity going
on.
And we have a lot of solar
flashes currently happening
on the planet.
These, for example, could
affect the electronic network.
So blackouts, for example,
could be a possibility
through those solar flashes.
And this is the reason why
you see all those preparations
around the energy grid being
taken in the mainstream media
and in the mainstream
coverage as well.
The way I understand it and
all this information point
towards the indication that
this solar flash actually
will end the perception
of reality and Earth
in the way we used
to perceive it
but also begin a new
perception of reality.
And this seems to
be an event that
is being looked forward to.
So all these different
information that we've received
points to the
realization that this is
going to be a positive event.
>> EMERY: After the pole shift,
is humanity going to be wiped
out?
Or can we move forward happily?
>> TIM: So we need to understand
that the number one source
of consciousness itself is
in this version of reality,
the sun itself.
So this is the reason,
the main reason
why all those ancient
people in ancient times
were actually
worshipping the sun
and were focused around the
sun as their parental god
or something in that way.
Because in this solar system,
the source of consciousness
comes from the sun itself.
So a solar flash that
would be so enormous
that it would affect everyone
around on this planet
would actually be
an intensified field
of information in that way.
So we would shift from
a standard consciousness
into a much more packed and
dense form of consciousness.
So this is actually
what we're expecting.
This comes along with
certain challenges,
but it ultimately will lead to a
new foundation of consciousness
and an expanded view of reality.
>> EMERY: Is it possible this
upcoming pole shift event
pushes humanity from the
3D consciousness to the 5D
consciousness or more?
>> TIM: Very much so.
So we sort beings on
planets on different levels
of consciousness.
For the Earth itself, this
means level 3 consciousness
is actually related to
self-perception to Newtonian
physics to duality
to everything that
has to do with the mainstream
consciousness going on.
Level 4 consciousness would be
a elevated form of consciousness
which is much more
spiritual in that way.
It's much more
primal in that way
that it sees yourself as
connected to the universe.
It also acknowledges
certain psychic effects
like telepathy and certain
connectivity to the universe.
And level 5 consciousness would
be an even more elevated form
of consciousness.
So what we expect
is that the planet
itself will come to a
level 4 consciousness,
a full harmonious level
4 consciousness, which
will actually mean that
everyone on this planet
will eventually
result in a timeline
where they acknowledge
this enhanced field
of consciousness.
>> EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>> TIM: Thank you for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith,
and this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]